Dream of Gudea (Gudea, Cyl. A IV: 7-VI: 14 = TCL VIII pl. 4-5)

To Nanshe he went, saluted her: "Nanshe, queen, priestess, queen of queens who decides the fates like the god Enlil, my Nanshe, you whose word is irrefutable and precedential, are the ensi-priestess of the gods, queen of all countries, mother, discuss the dream with me:

In the dream, the first man appeared. His size was surpassing, like the heavens and the earth. His head, crowned with horns, indicated he was a god. He had wings like Imdugud, the bird of the Weather-god. His lower parts were like the Storm-flood, and lions lay to his right and left. He commanded me to build his house, but I do not know what he intended. Then, daylight rose for me on the horizon.

The first woman, whoever she may have been, came ahead, holding a stylus in her hand and a tablet of heavenly stars on her knees, consulting it. The second man was a warrior, holding a tablet of lapis lazuli in his hand, setting down the plan of the temple. Before me stood a pure carrying pad. A pure brick-mold was lined up, and a brick, determined in its nature, was placed in the mold. In a conduit before me, a bird-man kept clear water flowing. A male donkey at the right of my lord kept pawing the ground for me."

To the ensi, his mother Nanshe replied: "My shepherd, I will interpret your dream for you:

The man who was surpassing like heaven and earth, whose head was that of a god, whose wings were Imdugud, whose lower parts were the Storm-flood, and who had lions lying to his right and left, was surely my brother Ningirsu. He spoke to you about building his house, the Eninnu. The daylight that rose for you on the horizon was your personal god Ningigzida. He will go out into all the world for you concerning this matter.

The maiden who came ahead, holding a stylus in her hand, who placed a tablet of stars on her knee and consulted it, was surely my sister Nisaba. She announced the pure star that determines the building of the house to you.

The second man, a warrior who held a tablet of lapis lazuli in his hand, was the god Nindub. He was copying the plan of the house. The pure carrying pad, the pure brick-mold, and the brick placed in the brick-mold were surely the true brick of the Eninnu.

The conduit before you, where a bird-man kept clear water flowing, means that sweet sleep will not enter your eyes because you will be busy building the house. The male donkey that kept pawing the ground for you at the right of your lord means that you are impatiently eager, like a choice foal, to build the Eninnu.

Omens:
A person dreams of a god whose size surpasses the heavens and the earth.
A person dreams of a god crowned with horns.
A person dreams of a god with wings like Imdugud.
A person dreams of a god whose lower parts are like the Storm-flood.
A person dreams of lions lying to the right and left of a god.
A person dreams of being commanded to build a house or temple.
A person dreams of daylight rising on the horizon.
A person dreams of a maiden holding a stylus and consulting a tablet of stars.
A person dreams of a warrior holding a tablet of lapis lazuli.
A person dreams of a pure carrying pad and brick-mold.
A person dreams of a brick being placed into a mold.
A person dreams of a conduit with clear water flowing.
A person dreams of a bird-man ensuring the flow of water.
A person dreams of a male donkey pawing the ground.
A person dreams of eagerness or impatience to fulfill a command or build a temple.
