Death-Dream of Enkidu (Thompson Epic, pl. 29 IV: 14-54)

"Dear friend, this night I had dreams:

The heaven cried, the earth echoed. I stood alone! There came a griffin(?) with a gloomy mien, his face was like that of a lion. His talons were those of an eagle. He summoned me with strong words, his hoofs stomped the ground. He stripped me of my garments.

(In the dream) he submerged me.

(eight lines destroyed)

He turned me into a double of his body. My arms were now clad with feathers like those of a bird. Holding me by the hand, he led me down to the Dark Mansion, the abode of Irkalla. To the house which he who enters will not leave anymore, upon a road on which there is no way back. To the house whose inhabitants are bereft of light, where earth is their fare and clay their food. Clad like birds in feather-garments, they sit in darkness, never to see light again.

To the House of Dust, where I entered, I beheld all the kings, their mitres put away. I saw the princes, all the crown-bearers who had ruled the land since antiquity. To these appointees of Anum and Ellil, roasted meats were served. Bake-meats were served, and cold water was poured for them from water-skins.

In the House of Dust where I entered, reside high-priests (enu) as well as psalmists (lagaru). Reside the purification-priests and the ecstatics, reside the priests who anoint the lavers of the great gods. There resides Etana, there resides Sumuqan. There also resides the Queen of the Netherworld, Ereshkigal. And Belit-irsitim, the scribe of the Netherworld, is kneeling in front of her, holding a tablet and reading out to her. She lifted her head and saw me, saying: 'Who has brought this man hither?'

(break)

Omens:
A person dreams of heaven crying and earth echoing.
A person dreams of standing alone.
A person dreams of a griffin or monstrous figure with a lion's face and eagle's talons.
A person dreams of being summoned with strong words.
A person dreams of hoofs stomping the ground.
A person dreams of being stripped of their garments.
A person dreams of being submerged in water.
A person dreams of being transformed into a bird-like form with feathered arms.
A person dreams of being led by the hand to the Dark Mansion.
A person dreams of descending to the abode of Irkalla.
A person dreams of entering the House of Dust.
A person dreams of seeing kings with their mitres removed.
A person dreams of princes and crown-bearers in the House of Dust.
A person dreams of roasted meats and cold water being served in the underworld.
A person dreams of priests, psalmists, and ecstatics residing in the underworld.
A person dreams of encountering Ereshkigal, Queen of the Netherworld.
A person dreams of Belit-irsitim, the scribe of the Netherworld, reading a tablet.
A person dreams of a ruler or deity asking who brought them to the underworld.