Dream of Taimhotep (Stela, lines 1-15)

A boon which the king gives to Soka-Osiris, Serapis, Isis, Nephthys, Horus, Anubis, and all the other gods who are in the beautiful western necropolis of Memphis, in order that they may place invocation offerings on their altars for the ka of the late hereditary princess Taimhotep, daughter of Khahapy whom Herankh bore. She says:

"Oh, all judges, all princes, all nobles, and all (other) people who will enter this tomb, come that you may hear what happened to me.

Year 9, fourth month of Inundation, day 9, under the majesty of the king of Upper and Lower Egypt, Philopator Philadelphos, the Son of Re, Ptolemy (XIII), beloved of Ptah and Isis, (was) the day on which I was born. Year 23, third month of Harvest, day 1 (?) under the majesty of this Lord of the Two Lands, my father gave me to be the wife of the high priest Pasherenptah, the son of the high priest Pedubast, whom the late Herankh bore. The heart of the high priest rejoiced very greatly over it. I conceived by him three times without giving birth to a male child (but) only to three daughters.

I prayed along with the high priest to the majesty of this august god, great of wonders and able to give a son to one who has none, Imhotep, the son of Ptah. He heard our petition and heeded his prayer. He came to this high priest in a revelation and said: "Let a great work be carried out, a splendid place of Ankhtawy, a place where corpse(s) may be hidden, and I shall make for you in return for it a male child." On this he awoke and kissed the earth to this august god.

He commissioned the prophets, the chiefs of the mysteries, the priests, and the sculptors of the House of Gold at once to carry out the beneficent work in (the form of) a splendid place. They acted in accordance with everything he had said. Then he performed an opening-of-the-mouth for this august god and made a great hecatomb of every good thing. He rewarded the sculptors because of this god and satisfied their hearts in every respect in return for this.

He impregnated me with a male child which was born in the year 6, third month of Harvest, day 15, in the eighth hour of the day, under the majesty of the queen, Lady of the Two Lands, Cleopatra. It was the Offering-on-the-Altar-Feast of this august god Imhotep, son of Ptah. (And) his (the child's) form resembled that of the son of South-of-his-Wall (i.e., Ptah, father of Imhotep). And there was rejoicing on account of him among the inhabitants of White-Wall (i.e., Memphis). The name Imhotep was given to him, and he was also called Pedubast."