Dream of Tammuz (Dumuzi) (Genouillac Kich II D 53 and C 45, also Kramer SLTN 36)

In the southwind he lay down, the shepherd lay down in the southwind, the shepherd lay down in the southwind, to dream he lay down. He arose—it was a dream, he arose... he rubbed his eyes, full of daze:

"Bring my sister, bring! Bring my Ge'stinanna, bring my sister! Bring my scribe who understands tablets, bring my sister! Bring my songstress who knows songs, bring my sister! Bring my wise one who knows the meaning of dreams, bring my sister! Bring my little one who knows the heart of matters, bring my sister!

I will report my dream to her; in my dream, oh my sister who knows dreams well, rushes were rising for me, rushes grew for me, one reed standing alone shook its head for me. Of two reeds, one was removed; in the wood a tall tree was uprooted by itself for me! Upon my pure hearth, water was poured for me; the pure churn was removed from its stand, the pure drinking vessel hanging on a peg was taken down from the peg. My walking stick disappeared from me; the owl held something in its claw, the falcon held a herb in its claw! My goats and kids were stretched in the dust with blue mouths, my ram with bent legs was pawing the ground for me! The churn lay on its side, milk did not flow, the drinking vessel lay on its side. Dumuzi did not finish it, the fold was thrown to the wind!"

Gestinanna answered Dumuzi:

"My brother, your dream is not favorable; it cannot be removed. Dumuzi, your dream is not favorable; it cannot be removed! Rushes rose for you, rushes grew for you: this means bandits will rise up against you. A single reed was shaking its head for you: this means your mother who bore you will mourn for you. Two reeds—one was removed: this means that either I or you will be taken away. In the wood, the tall tree being uprooted by itself: this means the evil one will come. Your pure hearth, upon which water was poured: this means ill fate will strike. Your pure churn removed from its stand: this means the evil one will take it away. Your pure drinking vessel hanging on the peg, taken down from the peg: this means you will fall from the care of your mother who bore you. Your walking stick disappearing: this means you will lose your support. The owl holding something in its claw: this means the evil one is coming. The falcon holding a herb in its claw: this means an enemy will confront you. Your goats and kids lying in the dust with blue mouths: this means great suffering. The ram pawing the ground with bent forelegs: this means misfortune."