Dream of Djoser (Hunger Stela, lines 18-22)

While I was sleeping in life and happiness I found the god standing before me. I conciliated him with praise and offered prayer in his presence. He revealed himself concerning me with a friendly face and declared:

"I am Khnum, your creator. My arms are round about you to compose your body and to heal your limbs. I assign to you the precious stones and hard stones which have existed from the beginning and with which no work has yet been done, in order to build temples, to restore what is ruined, and to hew out shrines, doing what one ought to do for his lord. For I am the creative lord. I am the one who created himself, Nun the very great, who came into existence at the beginning, at whose desire the inundation rises in order to reach the work of my command, while every man is led to his duty.

(I am) Tenen, father of the gods, Shu the great, controller of the earth. The two caverns are in a chamber beneath me, the springs which belong to me to open. I know the inundation; its flood is upon the cultivation—its flood which confers life upon every nose; the flood is upon the cultivation until the retreat and the land is tilled. I shall pour forth for you the inundation without a year of failure and scarcity in the entire land, and all plants will grow and bend under their fruit. Renenut will be foremost over everything and everything will be produced by the millions throughout full years. The peasants will think in their hearts along with their lords: 'The year of famine has passed'—those in whose granaries want had existed. (All) Egypt will come into the field; the land will glisten; the barley will be cut; joy will be in their hearts more than it was before."

Then I awoke refreshed, my heart determined and at rest, and I made this decree in the presence of my father Khnum.

Omens:
A person dreams of a god standing before them.
A person dreams of offering praise or prayer to a god.
A person dreams of being blessed with a friendly face by a god.
A person dreams of a god promising restoration or healing.
A person dreams of a god declaring themselves as a creator.
A person dreams of being promised prosperity or abundance.
A person dreams of being promised the rise of an inundation.
A person dreams of receiving precious stones or hard stones.
A person dreams of a god revealing knowledge about floods or agriculture.
A person dreams of a god promising the end of scarcity or famine.
A person dreams of plants growing abundantly and bending under their fruit.
A person dreams of joy returning to the hearts of people.