If a man turns into a lion:
Losses.

If a man does something with a bull:
His house will become prosperous.

If a man has to do with a bull:
He will acquire whatever the gods give to mankind to own.

If a man carries a sprout in his lap and kisses it repeatedly:
This man will acquire barley and silver.

If it grows out of his lap:
Whatever he owns will be lost.

If the feet of a man are lame:
Downfall of his ill-wisher.

If the eyes of a man do not see:
For an important person, this means more importance; for a poor person, more poverty.

If a man is clad in the hide of a goat:
An important person will be removed and will die.

If a man is clad in a black garment:
Losses.

If the mouth of a man is afflicted:
For a rich man, more riches; for a sick person, he will die.

If a man carries something:
He will become rich.

If a man carries a small child:
He will become poor.

If a man enters a ditch:
His wife will commit adultery.

If the house of a man is affected:
His possessions will be taken away.

If the head of a man is cut off:
His enemy will place his evil in front of him.

If something happens:
His days will be long.

If a man goes to a wild animal:
His house will become prosperous.

If a man goes to his daughter:
Losses.

If the belly of a man is open and his intestines are entangled:
His well-being will be excessive.

If his intestines are not entangled:
Evil will follow.

If a man flies repeatedly:
Whatever he owns will be lost.

If a man takes off and flies once:
For a subject, it means loss of good things; for a poor man, loss of poverty, and he will see his good wishes fulfilled.

If a man flies from the place he is standing on and rises towards the sky:
To this man one will restore what he has lost.

If a man kisses his penis:
Whatever he orders will be obeyed; nothing he desires will be withheld.

If a man travels repeatedly within the country:
Distress will follow distress.

If a man travels repeatedly beyond the borders of the country:
He will become important.

If a man carries repeatedly milhu:
The god of the man will intervene.

If a man walks repeatedly through "light" water:
He will experience either an easy lawsuit or a light disease.

If a man walks repeatedly through "heavy" water:
He will experience either a difficult lawsuit or a dangerous disease.

If a man crosses either a river or a swamp and sinks down:
He will face great difficulties.

If a man ascends to heaven and the gods bless him:
This man will die.

If a man ascends to heaven and the gods curse him:
This man will live long.

If a man descends to the netherworld:
For the rich, it means more riches; for the poor, more poverty.

If a man descends to the netherworld and the dead bless him:
This man will die and will not be buried in his country.

If a man descends to the netherworld and the dead rejoice over him:
For the rich, it means sorrow for the subject.

If a man descends to the netherworld and the dead curse him:
Someone will bless him.

If a man kisses a dead person:
He will stand up in court against his adversary.

If a dead person kisses a man:
Someone near to him will die.

If a dead person blesses the man:
Obtaining of property.

If a man in his dream makes a door:
The "evil-demon" will head for him.

If a man makes a chair:
The "evil-demon" will head for him.

If a man makes a bed:
The "evil-demon" will head for him.

If a man makes a table:
The "evil-demon" will head for him.

If a man makes a stool:
The "evil-demon" will head for him.

If a man makes a boat:
The "evil-demon" will head for him.

If a man sits on an AB.GI.NA:
He will stand in triumph.

If he sits on reed:
His good luck will leave him.

If he sits on the ground:
Honors are in store for him.

If his urine expands in front of his penis and hits the wall:
He will not have sons.

If his urine expands in front of his penis and hits the wall and the street:
He will have sons.

If his urine expands in front of his penis and fills all the streets:
His property will be robbed and given to the city.

If his urine expands in front of his penis and he does obeisance in front of his urine:
He will beget a son, and he will be king.

If he urinates on a wall:
He will have sons.

If he urinates over small reeds:
He will not have sons.

If he steps on his urine with his foot:
His eldest son will die.

If he washes his hands in his urine:
He will enjoy little.

If he sprinkles himself with his urine:
His sheepfold will expand.

If he sprinkles himself with his urine and wipes himself clean:
The disease called "Hand-of-Ishtar."

If he directs his urine towards the sky:
The son he will beget will become important, but his own days will be short.

If he pours his urine into a river:
His harvest will be bountiful.

If he pours his urine into a well:
He will lose his property.

If he pours his urine into an irrigation-canal:
Adad, the weather god, will flood his harvest.

If he spatters himself with his own urine:
He will forget what he has said.

If he drinks the urine of his wife:
This man will enjoy abundance.

If a man greets the king or the god in his dream:
He will quarrel.

If a man enters the gate of his city in his dream:
Wherever he turns, he will not attain his desire.

If he goes out of the gate of the city:
Wherever he turns, he will not attain his desire.

If he ascends to heaven:
His days will be short.

If he descends to the netherworld:
His days will be long.

If he goes to the "Country-of-no-return":
His days will be long.

If he goes to Nippur:
Sorrow, well-being for one year.

If he goes to Babylon:
Sighs, well-being for one year.

If he goes to the town Hit:
His old age will be long, his possessions will expand.

If he goes to the town Hit and submerges in the sacred river:
He will build a proud house, his days will be long.

If he goes to the town Dur-Marduk-TI.LA:
He will stand up in court against his adversary.

If he goes to Girsu:
There will be joy, no iniquity.

If he goes to Lagash:
He will be robbed.

If he visits the temple:
Good news.

If he visits the temple:
His prayers will be listened to.

If he goes to (the country) Iamutbal:
He will be imprisoned.

If he goes to Tiha:
He will become strong.

If he goes to Islan:
Wrath of the deity.

If he goes to Kalati:
He will utter something which should not be said.

If he goes to Parsa:
Disease will strike among his neighbors.

If he goes to Laban:
He will build a house.

If he goes to Opis:
His cattle-fold will be dispersed.

If he goes to Laban:
He will make a great name for himself.

If he goes to Lubda:
Imprisonment will seize him.

If he goes to the house of a joyful man:
He will see days of sadness.

If he goes to an orchard:
Somebody will pronounce his release.

If he goes to a vegetable garden:
His work will get worse, or he will be free of hardship.

If he goes to set a wood-pile afire:
He will see days of sadness.

If he goes to plant a field:
He will be free of hardship.

If he goes to hunt in the desert:
He will become sad.

If he goes to a fold for big cattle:
He will receive the help of the deity.

If he goes to a fold for sheep:
He will become a chieftain.

If he goes to a fold for goats:
He will receive the mercy of the deity.

If he goes into a cane-break, cuts reeds, and makes them into bundles:
He will recover from a dangerous disease.

If he goes to "Wine-Land":
Sesame, wool of all kinds will be his.

If he goes to the sea:
What was thought to be lost, what he has squandered, he will gather again.

If he goes to the town Aran:
His crime will be removed.

If he goes to Iamutbal:
He will see misery.

If he goes to Tupliash:
There will be pardon of the god.

If he eats the meat of a hyena:
Evil seizure.

If he eats the meat of some wild animal:
Evil seizure, there will be cases of death in his family.

If he eats the meat of some foreign wild animal:
His bad luck will be removed.

If he eats the head of an animal:
He will have barley.

If he eats the innards of an animal:
Peace of mind.

If he slaughters the animal and eats its meat:
No peace of mind.

If he eats the base of the entrails of an animal:
Peace of mind.

If he eats the meat of a dog:
Rebellion, not obtaining of his desire.

If he eats the meat of a beaver:
Rebellion.

If he eats the meat of a gazelle:
The disease "sahal seri."

If he eats the meat of a wild bull:
His days will be long.

If he eats the meat of a fox:
An attack of "sibil ri," for an unfortunate person: good luck.

If he eats the meat of a monkey:
He will make acquisitions by force.

If he eats meat he knows:
Peace of mind.

If he eats meat he does not know:
No peace of mind.

If he eats human meat:
He will have great riches.

If he eats meat from a dead man:
Somebody will take away what he owns, his mind will not be in peace.

If he eats meat from a corpse:
Somebody will take away what he owns, his mind will not be at peace.

If he eats his own entrails:
His possessions will be lost.

If he eats his own flesh:
His property will be lost, with a disturbed mind he will live.

If he eats the flesh of his friend:
He will enjoy a large share.

If his friend eats his face:
He will enjoy a large share.

If he eats the eye of his friend:
His bad luck is straightened out, his property will prosper.

If he eats the flesh of his hand:
His daughter will die.

If he eats the flesh of the hand of his friend:
Something he does not know yet is lost, imprisonment will seize him.

If he eats the flesh of his foot:
His eldest son will die.

If he eats the flesh of the foot of his friend:
Among those near to him, sorrow.

If he eats his penis:
His son will die.

If he eats the penis of his friend:
He will have a son.

If he eats a bird:
He shall not leave the house.

If he eats a duck:
He will have food in abundance.

If he eats a raven:
Income will come in.

If he eats an apple:
He will acquire what his heart wants.

If he eats a fig:
He will eat sweet food.

If he eats a single grape:
Joy, or also heart-break.

If he eats a raisin:
He will experience bitterness.

If he eats a pear:
He will be hungry.

If he eats a kiln-fired brick:
His mind will be at peace.

If he eats earth:
Confusion, he will become decrepit.

If he eats earth as bread:
He will be removed from his position.

If he eats dust:
He will become decrepit, suffer want, and experience alienation from his god.

If he eats the faeces of his friend:
His property will prosper, he will have good luck.

If he eats the faeces of wild animals:
He will have riches.

If he eats the fruit of the NAM.TAR plant:
Hardship, but he will prevail over his enemy.

If he eats the seeds of the sarbatu tree:
His evil luck will be removed.

If he eats bitumen:
Imprisonment will seize him, no peace of mind.

If he eats slime:
A troubled mind, he will become decrepit.

If he eats flies:
He will have barley and silver.

If he eats ants:
His possessions will constantly keep him busy.

If he eats worms:
Obtaining of a triumph.

If he eats geckos:
Whatever he owns will vanish.

If he drinks his own urine:
Peace of mind.

If one gives him a seal:
He will have a son.

If one gives him a seal of lapis lazuli:
The gods will favor him.

If one gives him a seal of red stone:
He will have sons and daughters.

If one gives him a mounted seal:
He will have neither sons nor daughters.

If one gives him a seal of ivory:
He will attain his heart's desire.

If one gives him an inscribed seal:
He will have a name or a legitimate son.

If one gives him a seal with figures:
He will have sons, and peace of mind.

If one gives him a royal seal:
There will be a protective god and goddess for him.

If one gives him an old seal:
A legitimate son or he will receive a sign.

If one gives him a perforated seal:
He will have a legitimate son.

If one gives him an unperforated seal:
He will have a deaf son.

If he wears a seal and one takes it away:
Either his son or his daughter will die.

If one gives him juniper:
He will experience a pleasant year.

If one gives him mihru-wood:
He will have no rival.

If one gives him poplar:
He will get a wife.

If one gives him aromatic matter he knows:
He will find something lost.

If one gives him aromatic matter he does not know:
The king will take away his possessions.

If one gives him boxwood:
He will be happy (lit.: shine).

If one gives him mesu-wood:
He will have daughters.

If one gives him terebinth:
The deity will present him with "life" (i.e., health).

If one gives him cedar:
Either his father or his firstborn son will die.

If one gives him cypress:
He will come to an end in his prime.

If one gives him the tool of the carpenter:
He will own the house of his adversary.

If one gives him the tool of the leatherworker:
There will be constant expenses for him.

If one gives him the tool of the smith:
An evil spell will seize him.

If one gives him the tool of the stone-cutter:
His possessions will prosper.

If one gives him the tool of the potter:
A "mighty king" will seize his riches.

If one gives him the tool of the reed-worker:
Joy of heart will follow him.

If one gives him the tool of the coppersmith:
Poverty and want will seize him.

If one gives him tallow:
He will obtain hardship.

If one gives him beef tallow:
He will grow old.

If one gives him mutton tallow:
Seizure of the eyes.

If one gives him lion tallow:
He will have no rival.

If one gives him wolf tallow:
His personal god is angry with him.

If one gives him dog tallow:
Evil seizure.

If one gives him tallow from a known wild animal:
Terror will seize him.

If one gives him horse meat:
He will come to shame in court.

If one gives him wild donkey meat:
Want of barley.

If one gives him dried meat:
An evil spell will seize him.

If one gives him dog meat:
His field will be productive.

If one gives him pork meat:
Bad health.

If one gives him donkey meat:
He will find something which does not belong to him.

If one gives him the head of a pick-axe:
His head will be cut off.

If one gives him a leather shield:
He will get out of his distress.

If one gives him a goad:
This man will have no equal.

If one gives him a door:
He will grow old.

If one gives him a bar:
He will receive what his heart wishes.

If one gives him a bolt:
The secret will not leak out.

If one gives him a stylus:
He will have a helper.

If one gives him a reed:
He will obtain his desires.

If one gives him a silver-coated chariot:
He will obtain something which does not belong to him.

If one gives him a wheel:
He will have twins.

If one gives him a wagon:
He will obtain his desire.

If one gives him some part of a chariot:
Income will come in.

If one gives him the reins:
His days will be long.

If one gives him a small spoon:
The sesame will not prosper.

If one gives him a scoop:
The sesame will prosper.

If one gives him an empty goblet:
The poor will become poorer.

If one gives him honey:
There will be cases of death in his family.

If one gives him mountain-honey:
He will obtain his heart's desire.

If one gives him oil:
Sweet words, friendliness.

If one gives him scented oil:
The same as above.

If one gives him beef oil:
Profits are in store for him.

If one gives him mutton oil:
Prosperity of his term of office.

If one gives him bird oil:
They will shout: "Watch out, watch out!"

If one gives him fish oil:
There will be steady expenses for him.

If one gives him lion oil:
He will reach perfection.

If one gives him wolf oil:
An attack of the silitu-disease.

If one gives him dog oil:
He will be imprisoned.

If one gives him donkey oil:
He will be happy (lit.: shine).

If one gives him horse oil:
God and king will catch him.

If one gives him mule oil:
His name will not prosper.

If one gives him wild donkey oil:
He will die outside of the city.

If one gives him stag oil:
The bed will seize him for one year.

If one gives him ibex oil:
The rabisu-spirit will seize him.

If one gives him doe oil:
His daughter will die.

If one gives him gazelle oil:
His daughter will die.

If one gives him panther oil:
He will be happy (lit.: shine).

If one gives him a full goblet:
He will have a name and offspring.

If one gives him wine:
A friendly word; his days will be long.

If one gives him beer:
His personal god will remove his heart from him; they will speak to him, but he will forget.

If one gives him an unknown kind of beer:
He will worry.

If one gives him an infusion of the fruits of the sun-tree:
They will claim of him what he has left, evil seizure.

If one gives him vinegar:
He will have brothers.

If one gives him a water-measurer (Hydrometra):
His possessions will get lost.

If one gives him linen:
The hand of the god will be placed upon him.

If one gives him a linen garment:
He will stand up against his rival.

If one gives him an infusion of imhur-esra plants:
His possessions will flourish.

If one gives him meat-broth:
Bad health.

If one gives him water:
His days will be long.

If one gives him beer:
They will speak to him, but he will forget.

If one gives him wine:
His days will be short.

If one gives him water from a river:
His profit will be large.

If one gives him water from an oil-well:
He will experience confusion.

If one gives him water from a ditch:
Quarrels.

If one gives him water from a canal:
The Storm-god will flood his harvest.

If he seizes the hand of an important person:
He will gain power or influence.

If he seizes the garment of an important person:
He will achieve importance.

If he seizes the crescent:
In an unknown place, a protective angel will be with him, but it will go away.

If he seizes the clothing of a small child:
A small child will bless him.

If he seizes a lion:
The same as seizing a protective angel.

If he seizes a wolf:
The same as seizing a protective angel.

If he seizes a fox:
He will seize or catch a protecting angel.

If he seizes a fox and it escapes:
He will have a protecting angel, but it will go away.

If he seizes a ram:
The court (lawsuit) will seize him.

If he seizes a female dog:
He will seize or catch a protective angel, upon the command of the deity.

If he seizes a god or a king:
The authority of the god or king will catch him.

If a man in his dream chews barley:
Accusers will accuse him.

If he seizes a snake:
He will have a protective angel.

If he seizes a he-goat:
An evil spirit will seize him.

If he hears in heaven repeatedly rumors of accusations:
He will have worries.

If the god enters the inner part of heaven and is seen:
The price of barley will be weighed.

If he descends into the netherworld:
He will die but not be buried in the ground; his foundation will not be secure.

If he descends into the netherworld and the dead appear:
There will be short days, and in his family there will be cases of death.

If he descends into the netherworld and the dead curse him:
There is blessing for him upon the command of the deity; long days.

If he descends into the netherworld and the dead bless him:
He will not be buried in the ground.

If he descends into the netherworld and the dead rejoice over him:
The rich will become poor, the poor will become rich; he will die but will not be buried where he was born.

If he descends into the netherworld and sees a dead person:
There will be an upsurge in evil.

If he descends into the netherworld and a dead person prostrates before him:
He will die but will not lie undisturbed in the ground.

If he descends into the netherworld and a dead person blesses him:
He will die through the collapse of a wall.

If he descends into the netherworld and a dead person kisses him:
He will die a death caused by a cold.

If he descends into the netherworld and he kisses a dead person:
He will die a death caused by a cold.

If he descends into the netherworld and he bites a dead person:
He will die through a falling roof-beam.

If the "spirits" give water to his hands:
One of his eyes will be destroyed.

If the "spirits" come down from heaven and give water to his hands:
They will tear out his eyes, or he will receive the "water of his pupils" for his hands.

If the "spirits" come down from heaven and give water to the hands of the man:
They will tear out his eye, or calumniation will befall the man.

If he hears repeatedly in the sky rumors of accusations:
This man will have worries; his possessions will become important.

If he cuts the twigs of a date-palm:
His misfortune will be removed from him.

If he cuts down a date-palm:
His misfortune will be removed from him.

If a basal side-shoot grows out of the date-palm:
He will obtain his wish.

If a basal side-shoot does not grow out of the date-palm:
He will stand up in court against his adversary.

If he climbs a date-palm and eats dates:
He will worry and suffer repercussions from the palace.

If the SI.KAK of the date-palm is pointed:
A destiny of life.

If he cuts down a poplar:
Peace of mind.

If he cuts down a tamarisk:
No peace of mind.

If he cuts down a fir:
Peace of mind.

If he cuts down a fig-tree:
Joy of heart.

If he cuts down an apple-tree:
He will resolve a legal decision.

If he cuts down a vine:
Joy of heart.

If he cuts down a pomegranate-tree:
Joy of heart.

If he carries a seal-cylinder:
He will be seized in prison.

If he carries a wagon:
He will obtain his heart's desire.

If he carries a sabarru-wagon:
He will obtain his heart's desire.

If he carries a basket of the god:
He will be relieved of the evil spell.

If he sits upon a date-palm and carries the image of a god:
He will experience turmoil of the heart.

If he carries sariru:
He carries an evil spell.

If he throws repeatedly the kippu-rope of the kisallitu-woman:
He will conduct a lawsuit.

If he plays with a bow:
He will conduct a lawsuit.

If he nocks the bow:
He will conduct a lawsuit.

If he repeatedly takes aim with a bow:
He will conquer by his own strength.

If he carries a bow and shoots repeatedly:
He will have losses by his own fault.

If he carries a bow and breaks his bow:
He will not obtain his heart's desire.

If he balances a throwing-stick:
He will conquer by his own strength.

If he balances a lariat:
He will conquer by his own strength.

If he carries an arrow:
This man will walk safely through the street of his town.

If he has wings and flies to and fro:
His foundation is not solid; for an important person, his good luck will leave him; for a commoner, he is striving for his own misfortune, and his rival will despise him.

If he has wings and flies to and fro and alights but is not able to take off again:
His foundation is not solid; in the positive case, his foundation is solid.

If he takes off and flies once:
For an important person, it means good luck; for a commoner, his bad luck will leave him. If he is imprisoned, he will become free; if he is sick, he will recover.

If he flies to and fro:
His riches will leave the rich, and his bad luck will leave the commoner.

If he flies but does not reach the limits of heaven and earth:
The gods will persecute him with losses, and his rival will despise him.

If he flies to and fro and disappears but reappears:
Sorrow.

If he flies to and fro and disappears but does not reappear:
He will remember hardship.

If he flies to and fro and his hands are weakened:
His foundation is not solid.

If he falls into a river and the river enters his mouth:
He will become important.

If he sinks into a river and emerges again:
This man will have riches.

If he seizes a fish in the river:
He will obtain his heart's desire.

If he brings up clay from the river:
He will build a house.

If he eats in a river the rushes:
They will burn him.

If he dips into a river:
His sorrows will not reach him.

If he dips repeatedly into a river and reaches firm ground:
Calumniation.

If he falls into a river:
Sickness will seize him.

If he walks constantly in dark waters:
He will face a difficult lawsuit and be summoned to testify.

If he washes himself in a river:
He will experience losses.

If he sinks into a river and comes up again:
He will have worries.

If he crosses a river:
He will experience confusion.

If he goes down to the river and comes up again:
He will stand up in court against his adversary.

If he comes up from the river:
Good news.

If he washes himself in the river and then comes up:
He will experience losses in business.

If he dams up the river:
He will see hard times.

If he falls into a river and drifts downstream:
He will ask something from a person friendly to him, but he will not receive it.

If he sinks into a river in his clothes:
The foundation of this man is solid.

If he falls into a river and drifts upstream:
He will ask something from a person not friendly to him, and he will receive it.

If he carries a grown-up person:
He will encounter full wrath.

If he carries a child:
He will encounter full wrath.

If he carries the crescent symbol:
He will encounter full wrath.

If he carries the sun-disk symbol:
He will encounter full wrath.

If he carries the divine scepter:
He will experience losses.

If he carries dates on his head:
Sorrow.

If he carries a mountain on his head:
He will have no rival.

If he carries salt on his head:
The builder of his house will be led in shame around the town.

If he carries saltpetre from the foundation walls of his house:
He will be buried in the town.

If he carries salt:
His teeth will hurt him.

If he carries meat in the street:
His health will not be good.

If he carries barley in the street:
He will stand up in court against his adversary.

If he carries beer in the street:
Peace of mind.

If he carries beer-wort in the street:
To grieve is in store for him.

If he carries water in the street:
His misfortune will depart.

If he carries a table in the street:
He will die through the wrath caused by his own words.

If the god utters a benediction before the man:
He will experience the wrath of the god.

If the god utters a curse against the man:
His prayers will be accepted.